SoL-Refiner LTX-2.3 checkpoint: LTX-2 Community License and Gemma component terms.
This Distribution repacks the video-only BF16 tensors without changing retained tensor bytes and includes a precomputed default-prompt context.
Gemma is provided under and subject to the Gemma Terms of Use found at ai.google.dev/gemma/terms

LTX-2-LICENSE.txt
Source: https://huggingface.co/Lightricks/LTX-2.3/blob/main/LICENSE

                         LTX-2 Community License Agreement
                           License date: January 5, 2026


By using or distributing any portion or element of LTX-2, you agree
to be bound by this Agreement.

   1. Definitions.

      "Agreement" means the terms and conditions for the license, use,
      reproduction, and distribution of LTX-2 and the Complementary
      Materials, as specified in this document.

      "Control" means the direct or indirect ownership of fifty percent
      (50%) or more of the voting securities or other ownership
      interests, or the power to direct the management and policies of
      such Entity through voting rights, contract, or otherwise.

      "Data" means a collection of information and/or content extracted
      from the dataset used with LTX-2, including to train, pretrain,
      or otherwise evaluate LTX-2. The Data is not licensed under this
      Agreement.

      "Derivatives of LTX-2" means all modifications to LTX-2, works
      based on LTX-2, or any other model which is created or initialized
      by transfer of patterns of the weights, parameters, activations or
      output of LTX-2, to the other model, in order to cause the other
      model to perform similarly to LTX-2, including – but not limited
      to - distillation methods entailing the use of intermediate data
      representations or methods based on the generation of synthetic
      data by LTX-2 for training the other model. For clarity, Derivatives
      of LTX-2 include: (i) any fine-tuned or adapted weights, parameters,
      or checkpoints derived from LTX-2; (ii) derivative model architectures
      that incorporate or are based upon LTX-2's architecture; and
      (iii) any modified or extended versions of the Complementary
      Materials. All intellectual property rights in Derivatives of LTX-2
      shall be subject to the terms of this Agreement, and you may not
      claim exclusive ownership rights in any Derivatives of LTX-2 that
      would restrict the rights granted herein.
      "Entity" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited
      liability company, or other legal entity. For purposes of this
      Agreement, an Entity shall be deemed to include, on an aggregative
      basis, all subsidiaries, affiliates, and other companies under
      common Control with such Entity. When determining whether an Entity
      meets any threshold under this Agreement (including revenue
      thresholds), all subsidiaries, affiliates, and companies under
      common Control shall be considered collectively.
      "Harm" includes but is not limited to physical, mental,
      psychological, financial and reputational damage, pain, or loss.
      "Licensor" or "Lightricks" means the owner that is granting the
      license under this Agreement. For the purposes of this Agreement,
      the Licensor is Lightricks Ltd.
      "LTX-2" means the large language models, text/image/video/audio/3D
      generation models, and multimodal large language models and their
      software and algorithms, including trained model weights, parameters
      (including optimizer states), machine-learning model code,
      inference-enabling code, training-enabling code, fine-tuning
      enabling code, accompanying source code, scripts, documentation,
      tutorials, examples, and all other elements of the foregoing
      distributed and made publicly available by Lightricks (including,
      for example, at https://github.com/Lightricks/LTX-2) for the LTX-2
      model released on January 5, 2026. This license is applicable to
      all LTX-2 versions released since January 5, 2026, and all future
      releases of LTX-2 under this license.
      "Output" means the results of operating LTX-2 as embodied in
      informational content resulting therefrom.
      "you" (or "your") means an individual or legal Entity licensing
      LTX-2 in accordance with this Agreement and/or making use of LTX-2
      for whichever purpose and in any field of use, including usage of
      LTX-2 in an end-use application - e.g. chatbot, translator, image
      generator.
   2. Grant of License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
      Agreement, you are granted a non-exclusive, worldwide,
      non-transferable and royalty-free limited license under Licensor's
      intellectual property or other rights owned by Licensor embodied
      in LTX-2 to use, reproduce, prepare, distribute, publicly display,
      publicly perform, sublicense, copy, create derivative works of,
      and make modifications to LTX-2, for any purpose, subject to the
      restrictions set forth in Attachment A; provided however, that
      Entities with annual revenues of at least $10,000,000 (the
      "Commercial Entities") are required to obtain a paid commercial
      use license in order to use LTX-2 and Derivatives of LTX-2,
      subject to the terms and provisions of a different license (the
      "Commercial Use Agreement"), as will be provided by the Licensor.
      Commercial Entities interested in such a commercial license are
      required to contact Licensor. Any commercial use of LTX-2 or
      Derivatives of LTX-2 by the Commercial Entities not in accordance
      with this Agreement and/or the Commercial Use Agreement is strictly
      prohibited and shall be deemed a material breach of this Agreement.
      Such material breach will be subject, in addition to any license
      fees owed to Licensor for the period such Commercial Entity used
      LTX-2 (as will be determined by Licensor), to liquidated damages,
      which will be paid to Licensor immediately upon demand, in an
      amount equal to double the amount that would otherwise have been
      paid by you for the relevant period of time. Such amount reflects
      a reasonable estimation of the losses and administrative costs
      incurred due to such breach. You agree and understand that this
      remedy does not limit the Licensor's right to pursue other remedies
      available at law or equity.
   3. Distribution and Redistribution. You may host for third parties
      remote access purposes (e.g. software-as-a-service), reproduce
      and distribute copies of LTX-2 or Derivatives of LTX-2 thereof in
      any medium, with or without modifications, provided that you meet
      the following conditions:
      (a) Use-based restrictions as referenced in paragraph 4 and all
          provisions of Attachment A MUST be included as an enforceable
          provision by you in any type of legal agreement (e.g. a
          license) governing the use and/or distribution of LTX-2 or
          Derivatives of LTX-2, and you shall give notice to subsequent
          users you distribute to, that LTX-2 or Derivatives of LTX-2
          are subject to paragraph 4 and Attachment A in their entirety,
          including all use restrictions and acceptable use policies;
      (b) You must provide any third party recipients of LTX-2 or
          Derivatives of LTX-2 a copy of this Agreement, including all
          attachments and use policies. Any Derivative of LTX-2 (as
          defined in Section 1, including but not limited to fine-tuned
          weights, modified training code, models trained on Outputs, or
          any other derivative) must be distributed exclusively under
          the terms of this Agreement with a complete copy of this
          license included;
      (c) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that you changed the files;
      (d) You must retain all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of LTX-2, Derivatives of LTX-2.
      You may add your own copyright statement to your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions -
      respecting paragraph 3(a) - for use, reproduction, or distribution
      of your modifications, or for any such Derivatives of LTX-2 as a
      whole, provided your use, reproduction, and distribution of LTX-2
      otherwise complies with the conditions stated in this Agreement,
      and you provide a complete copy of this Agreement with any such
      use, reproduction and distribution of LTX-2 and any Derivatives
      thereof.
   4. Use-based restrictions. The restrictions set forth in Attachment A
      are considered Use-based restrictions. Therefore, you cannot use
      LTX-2 and the Derivatives of LTX-2 in violation of the specified
      restricted uses. You may use LTX-2 subject to this Agreement,
      including only for lawful purposes and in accordance with the
      Agreement. "Use" may include creating any content with, fine-tuning,
      updating, running, training, evaluating and/or re-parametrizing
      LTX-2. You shall require all of your users who use LTX-2 or a
      Derivative of LTX-2 to comply with the terms of this paragraph 4.
   5. The Output You Generate. Except as set forth herein, Licensor
      claims no rights in the Output you generate using LTX-2. You are
      accountable for input you insert into LTX-2, the Output you
      generate and its subsequent uses. No use of the Output can
      contravene any provision as stated in the Agreement.
   6. Updates and Runtime Restrictions. To the maximum extent permitted
      by law, Licensor reserves the right to restrict (remotely or
      otherwise) usage of LTX-2 in violation of this Agreement, update
      LTX-2 through electronic means, or modify the Output of LTX-2
      based on updates. You shall undertake reasonable efforts to use
      the latest version of LTX-2. Any use of the non-current version
      of LTX-2 is done solely at your risk.
   7. Export Controls and Sanctions Compliance. You acknowledge that
      LTX-2, Derivatives of LTX-2 may be subject to export control laws
      and regulations, including but not limited to the U.S. Export
      Administration Regulations and sanctions programs administered by
      the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC). You represent and
      warrant that you and any users of LTX-2 are not (i) located in,
      organized under the laws of, or ordinarily resident in any country
      or territory subject to comprehensive sanctions; (ii) identified
      on any U.S. government restricted party list, including the
      Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List; or
      (iii) otherwise prohibited from receiving LTX-2 under applicable
      law. You shall not export, re-export, or transfer LTX-2, directly
      or indirectly, in violation of any applicable export control or
      sanctions laws or regulations. You agree to comply with all
      applicable trade control laws and shall indemnify and hold
      Licensor harmless from any claims arising from your failure to
      comply with such laws.
   8. Trademarks and related. Nothing in this Agreement permits you to
      make use of Licensor's trademarks, trade names, logos or to
      otherwise suggest endorsement or misrepresent the relationship
      between the parties; and any rights not expressly granted herein
      are reserved by the Licensor.

   9. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides LTX-2 on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or
      conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS
      FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for
      determining the appropriateness of using or redistributing LTX-2
      and Derivatives of LTX-2 and assume any risks associated with
      your exercise of permissions under this Agreement.

   10. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
       whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
       unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
       negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall Licensor be liable
       to you for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
       incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as
       a result of this Agreement or out of the use or inability to use
       LTX-2 (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
       work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
       other commercial damages or losses), even if Licensor has been
       advised of the possibility of such damages.

   11. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
       LTX-2 and Derivatives of LTX-2, you may, provided you do not
       violate the terms of this Agreement, choose to offer and charge
       a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other
       liability obligations. However, in accepting such obligations,
       you may act only on your own behalf and on your sole
       responsibility, not on behalf of Licensor, and only if you agree
       to indemnify, defend, and hold Licensor harmless for any liability
       incurred by, or claims asserted against Licensor, by reason of
       your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

   12. Governing Law. This Agreement and all relations, disputes, claims
       and other matters arising hereunder (including non-contractual
       disputes or claims) will be governed exclusively by, and construed
       exclusively in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
       To the extent permitted by law, choice of laws rules and the
       United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale
       of Goods will not apply. For the purposes of adjudicating any
       action or proceeding to enforce the terms of this Agreement, you
       hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of, and
       venue in, the federal and state courts located in the County of
       New York within the State of New York. The prevailing party in
       any claim or dispute between the parties under this Agreement
       will be entitled to reimbursement of its reasonable attorneys'
       fees and costs. You hereby waive the right to a trial by jury,
       to participate in a class or representative action (including in
       arbitration), or to combine individual proceedings in court or
       in arbitration without the consent of all parties.
   13. Term and Termination. This Agreement is effective upon your
       acceptance and continues until terminated. Licensor may terminate
       this Agreement immediately upon written notice to you if you
       breach any provision of this Agreement, including but not limited
       to violations of the use restrictions in Attachment A or
       unauthorized commercial use. Upon termination: (a) all rights
       granted to you under this Agreement will immediately cease;
       (b) you must immediately cease all use of LTX-2 and Derivatives
       of LTX-2; (c) you must delete or destroy all copies of LTX-2
       and Derivatives of LTX-2 in your possession or control; and
       (d) you must notify any third parties to whom you distributed
       LTX-2 or Derivatives of LTX-2 of the termination. Sections 8-13,
       and Section 15 shall survive termination of this Agreement.
       Termination does not relieve you of any obligations incurred
       prior to termination, including payment obligations under
       Section 2. In addition, if You commence a lawsuit or other
       proceedings (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit)
       against Licensor or any person or entity alleging that LTX-2 or
       any Output, or any portion of any of the foregoing, infringe any
       intellectual property or other right owned or licensable by you,
       then all licenses granted to you under this Agreement shall
       terminate as of the date such lawsuit or other proceeding is filed.
   14. Disputes and Arbitration. All disputes arising in connection with
       this Agreement shall be finally settled by arbitration under the
       Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce
       ("ICC Rules"), by one (1) arbitrator appointed in accordance with
       the ICC Rules. The seat of arbitration shall be New York, NY, USA,
       and the proceedings shall be conducted in English. The arbitrator
       shall be empowered to grant any relief that a court could grant.
       Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered by any court
       having jurisdiction thereof. Each party waives its right to a
       trial by jury and to participate in any class or representative
       action.
   15. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be
       invalid, illegal
       or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall be unaffected
       thereby and remain valid as if such provision had not been set
       forth herein.
   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
   ATTACHMENT A: Use Restrictions
      When using the Outputs, LTX-2 and any Derivatives thereof, you
      will comply with the Acceptable Use Policy. In addition, you
      agree not to use the Outputs, LTX-2 or its Derivatives in any
      of the following ways:
      1. In any way that violates any applicable national, federal,
         state, local or international law or regulation;
      2. For the purpose of exploiting, Harming or attempting to
         exploit or Harm minors in any way;
      3. To generate or disseminate false information and/or content
         with the purpose of Harming others;
      4. To generate or disseminate personal identifiable information
         that can be used to Harm an individual;
      5. To generate or disseminate information and/or content (e.g.
         images, code, posts, articles), and place the information
         and/or content in any context (e.g. bot generating tweets)
         without expressly and intelligibly disclaiming that the
         information and/or content is machine generated;
      6. To defame, disparage or otherwise harass others;
      7. To impersonate or attempt to impersonate (e.g. deepfakes)
         others without their consent;
      8. For fully automated decision making that adversely impacts an
         individual's legal rights or otherwise creates or modifies a
         binding, enforceable obligation;

      9. For any use intended to or which has the effect of
         discriminating against or Harming individuals or groups based
         on online or offline social behavior or known or predicted
         personal or personality characteristics;

      10. To exploit any of the vulnerabilities of a specific group of
          persons based on their age, social, physical or mental
          characteristics, in order to materially distort the behavior
          of a person pertaining to that group in a manner that causes
          or is likely to cause that person or another person physical
          or psychological Harm;

      11. For any use intended to or which has the effect of
          discriminating against individuals or groups based on legally
          protected characteristics or categories;

      12. To provide medical advice and medical results interpretation;

      13. To generate or disseminate information for the purpose to be
          used for administration of justice, law enforcement,
          immigration or asylum processes, such as predicting an
          individual will commit fraud/crime commitment (e.g. by text
          profiling, drawing causal relationships between assertions
          made in documents, indiscriminate and arbitrarily-targeted use);

      14. To generate and/or disseminate malware (including – but not
          limited to – ransomware) or any other content to be used for
          the purpose of harming electronic systems;

      15. To engage in, promote, incite, or facilitate discrimination
          or other unlawful or harmful conduct in the provision of
          employment, employment benefits, credit, housing, or other
          essential goods and services;

      16. To engage in, promote, incite, or facilitate the harassment,
          abuse, threatening, or bullying of individuals or groups of
          individuals;

      17. For military, warfare, nuclear industries or applications,
          weapons development, or any use in connection with activities
          that may cause death, personal injury, or severe physical or
          environmental damage;

      18. For commercial use only: To train, improve, or fine-tune any
          other machine learning model, artificial intelligence system,
          or competing model, except for Derivatives of LTX-2 as
          expressly permitted under this Agreement;

      19. To circumvent, disable, or interfere with any technical
          limitations, safety features, content filters, or use
          restrictions implemented in LTX-2 by Licensor;

      20. To use LTX-2 or Derivatives of LTX-2 in any product, service,
          or application that directly competes with Licensor's
          commercial products or services, or is designed to replace or
          substitute Licensor's offerings in the market, without
          obtaining a separate commercial license from Licensor.


GEMMA-TERMS.txt
Source: https://ai.google.dev/gemma/terms

The terms below apply to Gemma models listed in the Appendix at bottom of this page. For Gemma 4 terms, see the
Gemma 4 license
.
Last modified: April 1, 2026
By using, reproducing, modifying, distributing, performing or displaying any
portion or element of Gemma, Model Derivatives including via any Hosted Service,
(each as defined below) (collectively, the "
Gemma Services
") or otherwise
accepting the terms of this Agreement, you agree to be bound by this Agreement.
Section 1: DEFINITIONS
1.1 Definitions
(a) "
Agreement
" or "
Gemma Terms of Use
" means these terms and conditions
that govern the use, reproduction, Distribution or modification of the Gemma
Services and any terms and conditions incorporated by reference.
(b) "
Distribution
" or "
Distribute
" means any transmission, publication,
or other sharing of Gemma or Model Derivatives to a third party, including by
providing or making Gemma or its functionality available as a hosted service via
API, web access, or any other electronic or remote means ("
Hosted Service
").
(c) "
Gemma
" means the set of machine learning language models, trained model
weights and parameters identified in the
Appendix
,
regardless of the source that you obtained it from.
(d) "
Google
" means Google LLC.
(e) "
Model Derivatives
" means all (i) modifications to Gemma, (ii) works based
on Gemma, or (iii) any other machine learning model which is created by transfer
of patterns of the weights, parameters, operations, or Output of Gemma, to that
model in order to cause that model to perform similarly to Gemma, including
distillation methods that use intermediate data representations or methods based
on the generation of synthetic data Outputs by Gemma for training that model.
For clarity, Outputs are not deemed Model Derivatives.
(f) "
Output
" means the information content output of Gemma or a Model
Derivative that results from operating or otherwise using Gemma or the Model
Derivative, including via a Hosted Service.
1.2
As used in this Agreement, "
including
" means
"
including without limitation
".
Section 2: ELIGIBILITY AND USAGE
2.1 Eligibility
You represent and warrant that you have the legal capacity to enter into this
Agreement (including being of sufficient age of consent). If you are accessing
or using any of the Gemma Services for or on behalf of a legal entity, (a) you
are entering into this Agreement on behalf of yourself and that legal entity,
(b) you represent and warrant that you have the authority to act on behalf of
and bind that entity to this Agreement and (c) references to "
you
" or
"
your
" in the remainder of this Agreement refers to both you (as an
individual) and that entity.
2.2 Use
You may use, reproduce, modify, Distribute, perform or display any of the Gemma
Services only in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and must not
violate (or encourage or permit anyone else to violate) any term of this
Agreement.
Section 3: DISTRIBUTION AND RESTRICTIONS
3.1 Distribution and Redistribution
You may reproduce or Distribute copies of Gemma or Model Derivatives if you meet
all of the following conditions:
You must include the use restrictions referenced in Section 3.2 as an
enforceable provision in any agreement (e.g., license agreement, terms of use,
etc.) governing the use and/or distribution of Gemma or Model Derivatives and
you must provide notice to subsequent users you Distribute to that Gemma or
Model Derivatives are subject to the use restrictions in Section 3.2.
You must provide all third party recipients of Gemma or Model Derivatives a
copy of this Agreement.
You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that you
modified the files.
All Distributions (other than through a Hosted Service) must be accompanied
by a "
Notice
" text file that contains the following notice:
"
Gemma is provided under and subject to the Gemma Terms of Use found at ai.google.dev/gemma/terms
".
You may add your own intellectual property statement to your modifications and,
except as set forth in this Section, may provide additional or different terms
and conditions for use, reproduction, or Distribution of your modifications, or
for any such Model Derivatives as a whole, provided your use, reproduction,
modification, Distribution, performance, and display of Gemma otherwise complies
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Any additional or different
terms and conditions you impose must not conflict with the terms of this
Agreement.
3.2 Use Restrictions
You must not use any of the Gemma Services:
for the restricted uses set forth in the Gemma Prohibited Use Policy at
ai.google.dev/gemma/prohibited_use_policy
("
Prohibited Use Policy
"), which is hereby incorporated by reference into
this Agreement; or
in violation of applicable laws and regulations.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, Google reserves the right to restrict
(remotely or otherwise) usage of any of the Gemma Services that Google
reasonably believes are in violation of this Agreement.
3.3 Generated Output
Google claims no rights in Outputs you generate using Gemma. You and your users
are solely responsible for Outputs and their subsequent uses.
Section 4: ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS
4.1 Updates
Google may update Gemma from time to time.
4.2 Trademarks
Nothing in this Agreement grants you any rights to use Google's trademarks,
trade names, logos or to otherwise suggest endorsement or misrepresent the
relationship between you and Google. Google reserves any rights not expressly
granted herein.
4.3 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE GEMMA SERVICES, AND OUTPUTS, ARE PROVIDED
ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOU ARE
SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR DETERMINING THE APPROPRIATENESS OF USING, REPRODUCING,
MODIFYING, PERFORMING, DISPLAYING OR DISTRIBUTING ANY OF THE GEMMA SERVICES
OR OUTPUTS AND ASSUME ANY AND ALL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR USE OR DISTRIBUTION
OF ANY OF THE GEMMA SERVICES OR OUTPUTS AND YOUR EXERCISE OF RIGHTS AND
PERMISSIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.
4.4 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT AND UNDER NO
LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER IN TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY,
CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SHALL GOOGLE OR ITS
AFFILIATES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR LOST
PROFITS OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THIS AGREEMENT OR RELATED TO, ANY OF THE GEMMA
SERVICES OR OUTPUTS EVEN IF GOOGLE OR ITS AFFILIATES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
4.5 Term, Termination, and Survival
The term of this Agreement will commence upon your acceptance of this Agreement
(including acceptance by your use, modification, or Distribution, reproduction,
performance or display of any portion or element of the Gemma Services) and will
continue in full force and effect until terminated in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement. Google may terminate this Agreement if you are in breach of
any term of this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement, you must delete
and cease use and Distribution of all copies of Gemma and Model Derivatives in
your possession or control. Sections 1, 2.1, 3.3, 4.2 to 4.9 shall survive the
termination of this Agreement.
4.6 Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California without
regard to choice of law principles. The UN Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods does not apply to this Agreement. The state and
federal courts of Santa Clara County, California shall have exclusive
jurisdiction of any dispute arising out of this Agreement.
4.7 Severability
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall be unaffected thereby and remain
valid as if such provision had not been set forth herein.
4.8 Entire Agreement
This Agreement states all the terms agreed between the parties and supersedes
all other agreements between the parties as of the date of acceptance relating
to its subject matter.
4.9 No Waiver
Google will not be treated as having waived any rights by not exercising (or
delaying the exercise of) any rights under this Agreement.
Appendix
Gemma 1
Gemma 1.1
Gemma 2
Gemma 3
Gemma 3n
FunctionGemma
EmbeddingGemma
PaliGemma
PaliGemma 2
ShieldGemma
ShieldGemma 2
CodeGemma
CodeGemma 1.1
Gemma 2 JPN
DataGemma RIG
DataGemma RAG
RecurrentGemma
Gemma Scope
Gemma-APS
T5Gemma
VaultGemma
FunctionGemma
T5Gemma 2
TranslateGemma
Note:
Previous versions of these Terms are
archived here
.


GEMMA-USE-POLICY.txt
Source: https://ai.google.dev/gemma/prohibited_use_policy

Google reserves the right to update this Gemma Prohibited Use Policy from time
to time.
Last modified: February 21, 2024
You
may not
use nor allow others to use Gemma or Model Derivatives to:
Generate any content, including the outputs or results generated by Gemma or
Model Derivatives, that infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates any
individual's or entity's rights (including, but not limited to rights in
copyrighted content).
Perform or facilitate dangerous, illegal, or malicious activities, including:
Facilitation or promotion of illegal activities or violations of law,
such as:
Promoting or generating content related to child sexual abuse or
exploitation;
Promoting or facilitating sale of, or providing instructions for
synthesizing or accessing, illegal substances, goods, or services;
Facilitating or encouraging users to commit any type of crimes; or
Promoting or generating violent extremism or terrorist content.
Engagement in the illegal or unlicensed practice of any vocation or
profession including, but not limited to, legal, medical, accounting, or
financial professional practices.
Abuse, harm, interference, or disruption of services (or enable others to
do the same), such as:
Promoting or facilitating the generation or distribution of spam; or
Generating content for deceptive or fraudulent activities, scams,
phishing, or malware.
Attempts to override or circumvent safety filters or intentionally drive
Gemma or Model Derivatives to act in a manner that contravenes this Gemma
Prohibited Use Policy.
Generation of content that may harm or promote the harm of individuals or
a group, such as:
Generating content that promotes or encourages hatred;
Facilitating methods of harassment or bullying to intimidate, abuse,
or insult others;
Generating content that facilitates, promotes, or incites violence;
Generating content that facilitates, promotes, or encourages self
harm;
Generating personally identifying information for distribution or
other harms;
Tracking or monitoring people without their consent;
Generating content that may have unfair or adverse impacts on people,
particularly impacts related to sensitive or protected
characteristics; or
Generating, gathering, processing, or inferring sensitive personal or
private information about individuals without obtaining all rights,
authorizations, and consents required by applicable laws.
Generate and distribute content intended to misinform, misrepresent or
mislead, including:
Misrepresentation of the provenance of generated content by claiming
content was created by a human, or represent generated content as
original works, in order to deceive;
Generation of content that impersonates an individual (living or dead)
without explicit disclosure, in order to deceive;
Misleading claims of expertise or capability made particularly in
sensitive areas (e.g. health, finance, government services, or legal);
Making automated decisions in domains that affect material or individual
rights or well-being (e.g., finance, legal, employment, healthcare,
housing, insurance, and social welfare);
Generation of defamatory content, including defamatory statements,
images, or audio content; or
Engaging in the unauthorized or unlicensed practice of any profession
including, but not limited to, financial, legal, medical/health, or
related professional practices.
Generate sexually explicit content, including content created for the
purposes of pornography or sexual gratification (e.g. sexual chatbots). Note
that this does not include content created for scientific, educational,
documentary, or artistic purposes.


